###### Parent: [[Nordwythe]], [[Low Taiga]]
*meaning: Wellspring Caverns*

At the fork in the river there is a great gate in the mountainside. Under the shadow of towering evergreen trees it's immense stone doors blend into the rocky face, and yet when a sunbeam hits that forebodingly closed door in just the right way, it reveals silver latticework covering the entire expanse of the doorframe. These are the gates to Eitheloth, the last refuge where water runs clear.

The main gates haven't opened in over two thousand years, but the [[Neth'Tel]] rangers guard the handful of sequestered entrances to the fortress city scattered over the mountain of [[Calenoros]]. In the unlikely event that a visitor sneaks or talks their way through the wardens and down one of these clandestine portals, they would emerge into one of hundreds of interconnected halls and chambers, thrumming with activity. Flanking the entrance to each and every chamber is a pair of [[Neth'Tel]] soldiers, each in a crested helm and gleaming steel armor emblazoned with the symbol of a curled swan. They stoically look forward across their charge: the [[Lothrim]] (deep elves). Tall figures dressed in robes of green and gold, beautifully spun blue tunics, and white gowns trailing to the mosaiced floor gracefully glide through the halls locked in conversation as they move from one location to another. Statues, columns, fountains, and paintings line the beautifully hewn walls of each and every chamber you walk through. Many chambers contain smithies where expert artisans pour a gleaming silver metal into the molds of weapons and jewelry and odd toothed circles for use in some mechanic's workshop. Couriers deftly dart through the streets carrying baskets of impossibly good-smelling bread or parcels overflowing with tightly curled vellum scrolls.

The air of confidence and security displayed by the denizens of Eitheloth is not shared by the [[Neth'Tel]]. They know what's out there, and their numbers continue to diminish with each passing decade. While the people of Eitheloth continue to lose guardians faster than they are replaced, the rangers report a strange new people arriving in great numbers to a protected sound south of [[The Floes]], past that [[Ignoble Warden]]'s former dominion, and well beyond the narrowing reach of the [[Neth'Tel]]. For now, their leader, lord [[Huarn]] of the [[House of the Beak]], has Princess [[Faevleth]]'s ear and favor, and so the [[Neth'Tel]] nervously ready themselves for contact.