###### Parent: [[Nordwythe]], [[Low Taiga]]
*meaning: House of Blue Trees*

Between the spurs of a misty lake there rise trees whose needles glisten blue in the cold light. Enormous old-growth conifers with trunks nearly 5 yards across and bows that break up the moonlight like a net. The ground is peculiarly level, though spattered with fallen pinecones and leaf-litter from generations of perennial weeds and ivies which have lived and died in the centuries since a person last disturbed this place, without being careful at least.

Between the trees and carved into their trunks there's a gallery of structures. Some were once hanging gardens beautifully grown and lovingly shaped out of the same dark grey wood of the trees, but where once there were irrigated beds of suspended soil now there are cracked basins with petrified vines tumbling out. Other structures you can tell to be dwellings, or walkways, or storefronts, all in similar states of disrepair. Periodically there is a clearing in the forest where a grand domed structure made of stone and marble and that same greyish blue wood drunkenly leans out of the cold mist which continues to confuse your vision. It has towering minarets with gleaming silver filigree in the shapes of flowers and stars and gusts of wind. Another clearing contains a structure with a seemingly endless row of stone columns surrounding a central building with carved reliefs of figures in strange and sensational postures, as if mid-dance. The city continues like this well beyond your line of sight.

What people that still live here do so in isolation from each other, and the world at large. The city is so vast and the mist is so thick and the need for quiet so urgent that the dwindling skeleton of a population might go years without seeing one another, if they decide to leave their homesteads at all. The only ones left are the outcasts, the ascetics, the zealots. Their voices come only in croaking gasps, their right minds they gave to the mist, and their goals belong to another world entirely, a world long past.