###### Parent: [[The Aire Tundra]], [[Nordwythe]]

The winter quarters of the [[Aire Nomads]] are really not much to look at, from the outside. A town of hide tents surrounds a low hill which nonetheless appears vastly tall against the flat and frigid plains which surround it. Compared to the rest of the tundra, the ground here is firm and solid, not with permafrost, but with cold hard stone. It's the stone that brought the Aire here, and their native connection to it leads them back every winter. Over the generations the Aire have carved from this stone an intricate series of caverns and passageways and gathering halls with hearths kept safe from the brutal winds which otherwise snuff out open flames on the bare plains. This single hill is responsible for keeping alive the Aire's most vulnerable. It symbolizes community, refuge, and the blessings afforded to the Aire by the spirits of the land and sky.

From the top of the hill you can just make out the edge of the vast boreal taiga to the southwest, the clan elders warn that the forest holds nothing but hungry beasts and winding paths which have confounded and waylaid even the best hunters. To the east lies the freezing sea with its whitecaps and floating islands of ice. Not so long ago the sea was nothing but a place of death and longing to your people, but now the foreigners have set up a small town on that little bay where those strange floating houses regularly come and go carrying goods and peoples you've never seen before. Though everything seems amicable, it's hard to shake that mistrust of the water. To the north and west the plains extend ever further past the horizon. Over the coming months the [[Aire Nomads]] will lead their flocks and herds across those endless plains back towards Helcar. Once convened for the winter, counsels will be held, goods will be traded, newcomers will be feted, grazing lands will be divvied, marriages and other rites will be performed, and the clans united will divine the best path for the coming year.