Follow me, if you will, with your minds eye as we approach the world of Melian. Watch as we fly over great landmasses with lush savannahs and towering mountains, vast deserts and forests under nightshade. Look below to the meandering rivers dotted with squabbling city-states trying to resist the encroachment of great empires led by sorcerer queens and lords of undeath. Sail with me over turbulent seas and gaze up at the tapestry of stars above you, and try not to think of what monstrous leviathans surely lurk below. Instead, focus on how those 4 wandering discs of stone, moons, change size as they traverse the night sky in a dance led by some unseen force beyond the horizon. Look north as we approach the continent of [[Nordwythe]].

A looming mountain range lines it's southern coast and so must sail east through dangerous ripcurrents until the mountains lower into a volcanic island chain. Punching through the archipelago, it's not long before the gnarled fjords give way to a safe harbor. Here, the great Andradoran sailor and adventurer [[Harken Keelmender]] first washed ashore after his boat sundered sailing the very route we just took. However, Keelmender mended his keel and sailed ever further, traveling up the coast past the great delta of the river [[Wyfloe]], past the only thin strip of land where the vast boreal [[taiga]] touches the sea, and beyond to the frigid [[tundra]] populated only by the [[Aire Nomads]], until at last the glacial north forced him back to that fateful sound.

Here, lies the thriving trading town of [[Harport]] with it's fishermans temples and powerful mercantile guild. Harport lies within a sheltered coastal valley, surrounded by rocky hills and dense forest. The coastal road to the north is guarded by the imposing <\/span>[[Fort Solton]] and the sea is well-patrolled by the fleet of the [[Andradoran Exports Cooperative]]. Indeed Harport has had nearly two centuries to develop since Harken's shipwreck. However, our tale takes us inland. Down a logging road beside a flowing stream. Through the superstitious and terrified logging town of Milton, down lumberjack's trails and into darkened dells, we follow four sets of footprints into a swampy clearing peppered with decaying stumps and toadstools. We watch four figures creep up to 7 pools connected by a barely flowing brook. Are they prepared for what lies below the surface?

Welcome friends, lets bring it back and consider how these characters got here. What, pray tell, brings you all to Milton?